welcome to LG's you are here at the CES
2011 I'm joined here with Amy to talk
about the new 3d cameras from Sony yes
this is just one of two new 3d video
recording devices we call this one a
handycam in our lineup and what's really
special about this is this is double
Full HD 3d content so you have two
lenses two processors and two
independent imagers so when you play it
back on your high-def TV you're actually
getting a full high-def signal for each
eye so you're getting into the best
possible quality not only high
definition but 3d signal available also
the LCD screen in it it's not going to
translate well here but take our word
for it this is 3d LCD screen here so
when you're shooting in 3d you can
actually see the content in 3d at the
same time it features a 10 x optical
zoom while you are shooting 3d it also
has a mic jack and a headphone jack so
if you want to do interviews in 3d now
you can add that on as well
it has HDMI output to connect up to your
TV so you can view your content in 3d it
will also has built-in memory but can
take memory stick or SD cards including
SDXC media as well and it will be
available this is probably the best
price it will be available this year but
in the April time frame for about 1499
US Dollars there's so much here I could
talk for hours on it but it does have
use our exclusive exome or our sensors
so it offers phenomenal low-light
recording it offers also optical image
stabilization 5.1 surround sound so even
in a noisy booth like this you'll get
the experience of being there instead of
just kind of a muffled stereo audio to
it so you're gonna be able to be
compatible with 2d when you're actually
watching a 2d screen almost definitely
the camcorder can actually record in 2d
if you want if for whatever reason you
don't need 3d but say you know you go to
your friend's house and they only have a
2d TV you can hook it up to their TV
with the HDMI cable
and the camcorder will essentially
replay just the left eye signal so you
still get the 2d experience but you know
bring your buddy over to your house
watch it in 3d and show my needs to
upgrade his TV I see so can we expect to
see the 3d format still intact and we
move it over to a computer to edit and
we can still have formatted and export
it out into three to watch it and a 3d
TV such as the new province the workflow
is coming for editing the format hasn't
been fully standardized yet and you know
once Hardware is introduced it takes a
little while for software to catch up so
what I like to say is right now
concentrate on shooting your 3d content
you know that the winter is almost over
the weather's getting nice you get a
whole nother season for editing coming
soon